well I guess I'll just have to stick
with Nick oh wait a minute you're not
you guys aren't what sleeping together
sorry I thought that was implicit in my
disgust explicit actually and no I have
a very strict rule against dating
oh really
I call it the strange policy oh well
good I'm glad something's named after me
you know I've had at a lemon activate
procedure and yet somehow no one seems
to want to call it the strange take we
invented that technique no regardless
I'm very flattered by your policy
look I'm not I'm talking tonight at a
neurological Society there come with me
another speaking engagement so romantic
I just love coming to those things with
me we had fun together no you had fun
they weren't about us they were about
you not only about me Steven everything
is about